changed twilio for phone, sttThreshold (#167)
bespoken/bespoken-docs: end-to-end/setup.md

#### Enabling test mode on your Google Action
Another important aspect of testing with Google is that your Action should be enabled for testing. To do this, follow [this guide](https://developers.google.com/assistant/smarthome/develop/testing#setup).

### For IVR systems (Phone)

- Phone virtual devices are available for users of our Contact Center plans. [Contact us](mailto:contact@bespoken.io) if you want to know more.

> - Once your account is setup, click on the  **"Add Virtual Device"** button and select "Phone Virtual Device". You won't need to provide credentials for a phone virtual device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once your account is set up, click on the  **"Add Virtual Device"** button and select "Phone Virtual Device". You don't need to provide any credentials for a phone virtual device.
```
